---
title: "Thailand 2023"
excerpt: "Thailand is no longer the cheap travel destination it used to be 30 years ago"
publishDate: "2023-04-02T16:39:36.050Z"
image: "./src/assets/beach.jpg"
category: "travel"
author: "joshua-wood"
tags: [phuket, budha, travel, asia]
---

### From Vietnam to Thailand
After my visa for Vietnam expired, I found myself in a position where I had to book a flight out of the country. However, due to an accidental booking mistake, I ended up flying to Phuket instead of Pattaya. Nonetheless, I have no regrets about coming to this exclusive travel destination. It's been almost three decades since my last visit to Thailand, which was just a stopover from Sydney to Frankfurt back in 1994. I am impressed by the significant development that has taken place in the country since then, and its living standard can easily compete with western countries. However, this progress has come at a cost, and Thailand is no longer the cheap travel destination it used to be 30 years ago, as prices have gone up significantly.

### Top Travel destination

Indeed, Thailand is a popular tourist destination and one of the most visited countries in the world. Known for its beautiful beaches, rich cultural heritage, and delicious food, Thailand attracts millions of visitors every year. Tourists come to Thailand to experience its vibrant culture, which includes traditional dances, music, and festivals. The country is also home to numerous temples and historical sites, such as the ancient city of Ayutthaya and the iconic Wat Phra Kaew, or the Temple of the Emerald Buddha, located in Bangkok. Thailand's stunning natural beauty is another draw for tourists. The country boasts pristine beaches, lush forests, and breathtaking mountains, making it an ideal destination for outdoor activities such as hiking, kayaking, and scuba diving. In addition to its cultural and natural attractions, Thailand is also famous for its cuisine. Thai food is known for its bold flavors and use of fresh herbs and spices. Popular dishes include Pad Thai, Tom Yum Soup, and Green Curry.

### Girls are awesome

THAI GIRLS, LIKE ANY OTHER GROUP OF PEOPLE, ARE DIVERSE AND COME FROM DIFFERENT BACKGROUNDS, EXPERIENCES, AND PERSPECTIVES. HOWEVER, THERE ARE SOME CULTURAL AND SOCIAL FACTORS THAT MAY BE MORE PREVALENT IN THE THAI CONTEXT AND CAN PROVIDE SOME INSIGHT INTO THE EXPERIENCES OF THAI GIRLS. ONE IMPORTANT ASPECT OF THAI CULTURE IS THE CONCEPT OF "SANUK," WHICH REFERS TO THE IMPORTANCE OF HAVING FUN AND ENJOYING LIFE. THAI PEOPLE, INCLUDING THAI GIRLS, TEND TO HAVE A POSITIVE AND FRIENDLY DEMEANOR, OFTEN DISPLAYING A WARM AND WELCOMING ATTITUDE TOWARDS VISITORS. FAMILY IS ALSO HIGHLY VALUED IN THAI CULTURE, AND THAI GIRLS TEND TO HAVE STRONG BONDS WITH THEIR FAMILY MEMBERS. IN MANY CASES, THEY MAY LIVE WITH THEIR PARENTS UNTIL THEY GET MARRIED, AND THEY OFTEN PLAY AN IMPORTANT ROLE IN TAKING CARE OF THEIR SIBLINGS OR OTHER RELATIVES. THAI GIRLS ARE ALSO KNOWN FOR THEIR POLITENESS AND RESPECT FOR AUTHORITY FIGURES, WHICH IS REFLECTED IN THE USE OF THE FORMAL LANGUAGE AND GESTURES WHEN INTERACTING WITH ELDERS OR PEOPLE IN POSITIONS OF AUTHORITY. REGARDING EDUCATION, THAI GIRLS TEND TO PERFORM WELL ACADEMICALLY, AND MANY PURSUE HIGHER EDUCATION. HOWEVER, SOME TRADITIONAL GENDER ROLES AND EXPECTATIONS MAY STILL EXIST IN SOME PARTS OF THAI SOCIETY, WHICH CAN LIMIT WOMEN'S OPPORTUNITIES IN SOME FIELDS. IN TERMS OF FASHION AND BEAUTY, THAI GIRLS OFTEN TAKE PRIDE IN THEIR APPEARANCE AND MAY PUT EFFORT INTO GROOMING AND DRESSING UP. TRADITIONAL THAI CLOTHING, SUCH AS THE "CHUT THAI," IS OFTEN WORN ON SPECIAL OCCASIONS. OVERALL, THAI GIRLS ARE AN IMPORTANT PART OF THAI CULTURE AND SOCIETY, AND THEIR EXPERIENCES AND PERSPECTIVES CONTRIBUTE TO THE COUNTRY'S RICH AND DIVERSE HERITAGE.